# Damazon

An Amazon-like storefront developed for the CLI using Node and mysql. This app allows users to engage with the store from a customer, store manager and store supervisor perspectives. Customers can place orders and deplete stock from the store's inventory. Managers can manage/monitor store inventory and perform necessary actions to keep the store stocked. Supervisors can add vendor departments and view gross revenue by each vendor department. Each of the 3 above have separate interfaces.


## Setup

	git clone git@github.com:danishakh/Hangman-CLI.git  
	cd ../damazon  
	npm install


In order to run this application, you should have the MySQL database already set up on your machine. If you don't, visit the [MySQL installation page](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.6/en/installing.html) to install the version you need for your operating system. Once you have MySQL installed, you will be able to create the *Damazon* database and the *products* table with the SQL code found in [schema.sql](/sql/schema.sql). Run this code inside your MySQL client to create the database, then run [productSeeds.sql](/sql/productSeeds.sql) to add the initial data. You will then be ready to proceed with running the Bamazon customer and manager interfaces.



### Customer Interface

The customer interface allows the user to view the range of products provided by *Damazon*, and place orders on desired quantities of products, as long as that amount is available in stock. If not available, the customer is notified. Other validation checks are in place as well.

`node damazonCustomer.js`

Link to [Customer Interface](https://giphy.com/gifs/terminal-node-mysql-xThtakvG9oZKE2Ii40/fullscreen)


### Manager Interface

The manager interface allows the user to monitor and manage *Damazon's* inventory. This interface provides the following 4 options to the user:
- *View Products for Sale*: lists every available product in the inventory
- *View Low Inventory*: lists products that are low in stock (stock < 5)
- *Add to Inventory*: allows the user to select a product they want to restock
- *Add New Product*: allows the user to add a new product into the inventory for sale

`node damazonManager.js`

Link to [Manager Interface](https://giphy.com/gifs/terminal-node-mysql-xThtabtALJg8QwxE3K/fullscreen)


### Supervisor Interface

The supervisor interface allows the user to view monitor product sales. This interface provides the following 2 options:
- *View Product Sales by Department*: lists the product sales revenue generated by each department from highest to lowest
- *Add New Department*: allows the user to add a new vendor department

`node damazonSupervisor.js`

Link to [Supervisor Interface](https://giphy.com/gifs/node-terminal-cli-table-inquirer-l4pTrIfyKwaKqEhDG/fullscreen)


## Packages Used:
- *mysql*
- *inquirer*
- *cli-table*
- *colors*